Guosheng (David) Zhang
San Francisco Bay Area
guosheng.zhang@sjsu.edu	


EDUCATION	
 
San Jose State University, San Jose, CA
President's Scholar, GPA 3.9/4.0
August 2019 - May 2021
B.S. in Computer Science

Diablo Valley College, Pleasant Hill, CA
Graduated with Honors
February 2017 - May 2019
A.S. in Computer Science

RELEVANT COURSES

Introduction to Programming, 
Adv Programming with C and C++, 
IPhone and IPad App Dev Begin, 
Prog Design and Data Structures, 
Introduction to UNIX and Linux, 
Assembly Lang Prog/Comp Org, 
Object Oriented Programming C++, 
Programming with Java, 
Operating System, 
Programming Paradigms, 
Intro to Artificial Intelligence, 
Intro to Database Management System, 
Python Professional

 
SELECTED  ACADEMIC PROJECTS

Memory Tracer                                                                                                                    Jun 2020-Jul 2020
o	Traced the memory consumption of every process and prevented any memory leaks.
o	Read thousands of commands from a file, repeatedly wrote to a LinkedList and reallocate the memory locations, finally freed all memory, wrote the system log.
o	Tech Stacks: C, allocation, reallocation and deallocation, LinkedList, stack, Valgrind
Process Manager                                                                                                                  Jun 2020-Jul 2020
o	Provided babysit service for every process including the orphan ones.
o	Started up thousands of processes to execute commands, each in one process and wrote the logs.
o	Tech Stacks: C, System signals, Linux/Unix
Three-Character URL Shortener                                                                                                    Feb 2019-Apr 2020
o	Utilize entire Unicode 140,000 characters to make shorter URLs
o	Design algorithm to achieve only 3 characters to define 2.7*1015 real URLs, less than half of those commercial services
o	Tech Stacks: Python, Tkinter, NumPy, Pandas  
Facebook Prototype                                                                                                               Apr 2020-May 2020
o	Built a social network to people for making friends by checking friends’ friends lists.
o	Provided functions such as setting photos, changing descriptions, adding/removing friends, and other necessary social actions.
o	Tech Stacks: JavaFX, Java, MongoDB, Spring MVN
Multi-Thread and Multi-Lock Manager                                                                                              Jun 2020-Jul 2020
o	Managed dynamically racing threads which were sharing memory by locking critical sections.
o	Checked the process ID and thread ID at every step and wrote to the system log.
o	Tech Stacks: C, System call, Concurrency, thread-safe, memory leak
Gate Level Implementation for a 32-bit System                                                                  Apr 2020-May 2020
o	Built a fully functional 32-bit virtual processor, including ALU, Register file, Memory, and Data bus. It supported a certain instruction set. All code is gate level.
o	Implemented a fully functional system on the processor, passed R-type, I-type, J-type instruction test 
o	Tech Stacks: Verilog, Simulation, processor behavior, gate level programming
Class Explorer                                                                                                                   Mar 2020-Apr 2020
o	Built an APP to detect a file in a file system and printed out all classes with their attributes and methods 
o	Analyzed the file system and traced the inheritance and evolution of a file family 
o	Tech Stacks: Java, JavaFx, AWS

TECH STACKS
 
Programming Languages Tools: C, C++, Java, Javascript, Python, CSS, Swift, Git, HTML5, SQL, Verilog
Tools: React, Spring MVN, IOS programming,  Tomcat, JavaFX, BootStrap, Valgrind, Tkinter
Databases: SQL, Mysql, MongoDB, Redis, OracleDB 
Environments: Linux (Ubuntu), Windows, Mac OS, Amazon EC2

INTERNSHIP

Oigetit
Wecare Insurance





